d:\users\александр\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CryptoAPI\CryptoAPI\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
d:\users\александр\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CryptoAPI\CryptoAPI\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
d:\users\александр\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CryptoAPI\CryptoAPI\bin\roslyn\csc.exe.config
d:\users\александр\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CryptoAPI\CryptoAPI\bin\roslyn\csc.rsp
d:\users\александр\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CryptoAPI\CryptoAPI\bin\roslyn\csi.exe
d:\users\александр\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CryptoAPI\CryptoAPI\bin\roslyn\csi.rsp
d:\users\александр\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CryptoAPI\CryptoAPI\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
d:\users\александр\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CryptoAPI\CryptoAPI\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
d:\users\александр\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CryptoAPI\CryptoAPI\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Scripting.dll
d:\users\александр\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CryptoAPI\CryptoAPI\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
d:\users\александр\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CryptoAPI\CryptoAPI\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Scripting.dll
d:\users\александр\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CryptoAPI\CryptoAPI\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
d:\users\александр\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CryptoAPI\CryptoAPI\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
d:\users\александр\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CryptoAPI\CryptoAPI\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.DiaSymReader.Native.amd64.dll
d:\users\александр\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CryptoAPI\CryptoAPI\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.DiaSymReader.Native.x86.dll
d:\users\александр\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CryptoAPI\CryptoAPI\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
d:\users\александр\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CryptoAPI\CryptoAPI\bin\roslyn\System.AppContext.dll
d:\users\александр\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CryptoAPI\CryptoAPI\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
d:\users\александр\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CryptoAPI\CryptoAPI\bin\roslyn\System.Diagnostics.StackTrace.dll
d:\users\александр\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CryptoAPI\CryptoAPI\bin\roslyn\System.IO.FileSystem.dll
d:\users\александр\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CryptoAPI\CryptoAPI\bin\roslyn\System.IO.FileSystem.Primitives.dll
d:\users\александр\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CryptoAPI\CryptoAPI\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
d:\users\александр\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CryptoAPI\CryptoAPI\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
d:\users\александр\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CryptoAPI\CryptoAPI\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe.config
d:\users\александр\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CryptoAPI\CryptoAPI\bin\roslyn\vbc.rsp
d:\users\александр\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CryptoAPI\CryptoAPI\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
d:\users\александр\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CryptoAPI\CryptoAPI\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
d:\users\александр\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CryptoAPI\CryptoAPI\bin\CryptoAPI.dll.config
d:\users\александр\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CryptoAPI\CryptoAPI\bin\CryptoAPI.dll
d:\users\александр\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CryptoAPI\CryptoAPI\bin\CryptoAPI.pdb
d:\users\александр\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CryptoAPI\CryptoAPI\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
d:\users\александр\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CryptoAPI\CryptoAPI\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
d:\users\александр\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CryptoAPI\CryptoAPI\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
d:\users\александр\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CryptoAPI\CryptoAPI\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
d:\users\александр\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CryptoAPI\CryptoAPI\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
d:\users\александр\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CryptoAPI\CryptoAPI\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
d:\users\александр\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CryptoAPI\CryptoAPI\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
d:\users\александр\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CryptoAPI\CryptoAPI\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
d:\users\александр\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CryptoAPI\CryptoAPI\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
d:\users\александр\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CryptoAPI\CryptoAPI\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
d:\users\александр\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CryptoAPI\CryptoAPI\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
d:\users\александр\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CryptoAPI\CryptoAPI\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
d:\users\александр\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CryptoAPI\CryptoAPI\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
d:\users\александр\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CryptoAPI\CryptoAPI\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
d:\users\александр\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CryptoAPI\CryptoAPI\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
d:\users\александр\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CryptoAPI\CryptoAPI\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
d:\users\александр\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CryptoAPI\CryptoAPI\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
d:\users\александр\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CryptoAPI\CryptoAPI\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
d:\users\александр\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CryptoAPI\CryptoAPI\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
d:\users\александр\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CryptoAPI\CryptoAPI\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
d:\users\александр\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CryptoAPI\CryptoAPI\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
d:\users\александр\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CryptoAPI\CryptoAPI\bin\WebGrease.dll
d:\users\александр\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CryptoAPI\CryptoAPI\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
d:\users\александр\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CryptoAPI\CryptoAPI\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
d:\users\александр\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CryptoAPI\CryptoAPI\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
d:\users\александр\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CryptoAPI\CryptoAPI\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
d:\users\александр\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CryptoAPI\CryptoAPI\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
d:\users\александр\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CryptoAPI\CryptoAPI\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
d:\users\александр\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CryptoAPI\CryptoAPI\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
d:\users\александр\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CryptoAPI\CryptoAPI\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
d:\users\александр\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CryptoAPI\CryptoAPI\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
d:\users\александр\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CryptoAPI\CryptoAPI\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
d:\users\александр\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CryptoAPI\CryptoAPI\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
d:\users\александр\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CryptoAPI\CryptoAPI\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
d:\users\александр\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CryptoAPI\CryptoAPI\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
d:\users\александр\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CryptoAPI\CryptoAPI\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
d:\users\александр\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CryptoAPI\CryptoAPI\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
d:\users\александр\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CryptoAPI\CryptoAPI\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
d:\users\александр\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CryptoAPI\CryptoAPI\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
d:\users\александр\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CryptoAPI\CryptoAPI\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
d:\users\александр\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CryptoAPI\CryptoAPI\bin\ru\System.Net.Http.Formatting.resources.dll
d:\users\александр\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CryptoAPI\CryptoAPI\bin\ru\System.Web.Helpers.resources.dll
d:\users\александр\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CryptoAPI\CryptoAPI\bin\ru\System.Web.Http.resources.dll
d:\users\александр\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CryptoAPI\CryptoAPI\bin\ru\System.Web.Http.WebHost.resources.dll
d:\users\александр\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CryptoAPI\CryptoAPI\bin\ru\System.Web.Mvc.resources.dll
d:\users\александр\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CryptoAPI\CryptoAPI\bin\ru\System.Web.Optimization.resources.dll
d:\users\александр\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CryptoAPI\CryptoAPI\bin\ru\System.Web.Razor.resources.dll
d:\users\александр\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CryptoAPI\CryptoAPI\bin\ru\System.Web.WebPages.resources.dll
d:\users\александр\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CryptoAPI\CryptoAPI\bin\ru\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.resources.dll
d:\users\александр\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CryptoAPI\CryptoAPI\bin\ru\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.resources.dll
d:\users\александр\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CryptoAPI\CryptoAPI\obj\Debug\CryptoAPI.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
d:\users\александр\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CryptoAPI\CryptoAPI\obj\Debug\CryptoAPI.dll
d:\users\александр\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CryptoAPI\CryptoAPI\obj\Debug\CryptoAPI.pdb
D:\Projects\CryptoAPI\CryptoAPI\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
D:\Projects\CryptoAPI\CryptoAPI\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
D:\Projects\CryptoAPI\CryptoAPI\bin\roslyn\csc.exe.config
D:\Projects\CryptoAPI\CryptoAPI\bin\roslyn\csc.rsp
D:\Projects\CryptoAPI\CryptoAPI\bin\roslyn\csi.exe
D:\Projects\CryptoAPI\CryptoAPI\bin\roslyn\csi.rsp
D:\Projects\CryptoAPI\CryptoAPI\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
D:\Projects\CryptoAPI\CryptoAPI\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
D:\Projects\CryptoAPI\CryptoAPI\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Scripting.dll
D:\Projects\CryptoAPI\CryptoAPI\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
D:\Projects\CryptoAPI\CryptoAPI\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Scripting.dll
D:\Projects\CryptoAPI\CryptoAPI\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
D:\Projects\CryptoAPI\CryptoAPI\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
D:\Projects\CryptoAPI\CryptoAPI\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.DiaSymReader.Native.amd64.dll
D:\Projects\CryptoAPI\CryptoAPI\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.DiaSymReader.Native.x86.dll
D:\Projects\CryptoAPI\CryptoAPI\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
D:\Projects\CryptoAPI\CryptoAPI\bin\roslyn\System.AppContext.dll
D:\Projects\CryptoAPI\CryptoAPI\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
D:\Projects\CryptoAPI\CryptoAPI\bin\roslyn\System.Diagnostics.StackTrace.dll
D:\Projects\CryptoAPI\CryptoAPI\bin\roslyn\System.IO.FileSystem.dll
D:\Projects\CryptoAPI\CryptoAPI\bin\roslyn\System.IO.FileSystem.Primitives.dll
D:\Projects\CryptoAPI\CryptoAPI\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
D:\Projects\CryptoAPI\CryptoAPI\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
D:\Projects\CryptoAPI\CryptoAPI\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe.config
D:\Projects\CryptoAPI\CryptoAPI\bin\roslyn\vbc.rsp
D:\Projects\CryptoAPI\CryptoAPI\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
D:\Projects\CryptoAPI\CryptoAPI\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
D:\Projects\CryptoAPI\CryptoAPI\bin\CryptoAPI.dll.config
D:\Projects\CryptoAPI\CryptoAPI\bin\CryptoAPI.dll
D:\Projects\CryptoAPI\CryptoAPI\bin\CryptoAPI.pdb
D:\Projects\CryptoAPI\CryptoAPI\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
D:\Projects\CryptoAPI\CryptoAPI\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
D:\Projects\CryptoAPI\CryptoAPI\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
D:\Projects\CryptoAPI\CryptoAPI\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
D:\Projects\CryptoAPI\CryptoAPI\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
D:\Projects\CryptoAPI\CryptoAPI\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
D:\Projects\CryptoAPI\CryptoAPI\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
D:\Projects\CryptoAPI\CryptoAPI\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
D:\Projects\CryptoAPI\CryptoAPI\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
D:\Projects\CryptoAPI\CryptoAPI\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
D:\Projects\CryptoAPI\CryptoAPI\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
D:\Projects\CryptoAPI\CryptoAPI\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
D:\Projects\CryptoAPI\CryptoAPI\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
D:\Projects\CryptoAPI\CryptoAPI\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
D:\Projects\CryptoAPI\CryptoAPI\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
D:\Projects\CryptoAPI\CryptoAPI\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
D:\Projects\CryptoAPI\CryptoAPI\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
D:\Projects\CryptoAPI\CryptoAPI\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
D:\Projects\CryptoAPI\CryptoAPI\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
D:\Projects\CryptoAPI\CryptoAPI\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
D:\Projects\CryptoAPI\CryptoAPI\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
D:\Projects\CryptoAPI\CryptoAPI\bin\WebGrease.dll
D:\Projects\CryptoAPI\CryptoAPI\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
D:\Projects\CryptoAPI\CryptoAPI\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
D:\Projects\CryptoAPI\CryptoAPI\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
D:\Projects\CryptoAPI\CryptoAPI\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
D:\Projects\CryptoAPI\CryptoAPI\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
D:\Projects\CryptoAPI\CryptoAPI\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
D:\Projects\CryptoAPI\CryptoAPI\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
D:\Projects\CryptoAPI\CryptoAPI\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
D:\Projects\CryptoAPI\CryptoAPI\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
D:\Projects\CryptoAPI\CryptoAPI\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
D:\Projects\CryptoAPI\CryptoAPI\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
D:\Projects\CryptoAPI\CryptoAPI\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
D:\Projects\CryptoAPI\CryptoAPI\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
D:\Projects\CryptoAPI\CryptoAPI\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
D:\Projects\CryptoAPI\CryptoAPI\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
D:\Projects\CryptoAPI\CryptoAPI\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
D:\Projects\CryptoAPI\CryptoAPI\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
D:\Projects\CryptoAPI\CryptoAPI\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
D:\Projects\CryptoAPI\CryptoAPI\bin\ru\System.Net.Http.Formatting.resources.dll
D:\Projects\CryptoAPI\CryptoAPI\bin\ru\System.Web.Helpers.resources.dll
D:\Projects\CryptoAPI\CryptoAPI\bin\ru\System.Web.Http.resources.dll
D:\Projects\CryptoAPI\CryptoAPI\bin\ru\System.Web.Http.WebHost.resources.dll
D:\Projects\CryptoAPI\CryptoAPI\bin\ru\System.Web.Mvc.resources.dll
D:\Projects\CryptoAPI\CryptoAPI\bin\ru\System.Web.Optimization.resources.dll
D:\Projects\CryptoAPI\CryptoAPI\bin\ru\System.Web.Razor.resources.dll
D:\Projects\CryptoAPI\CryptoAPI\bin\ru\System.Web.WebPages.resources.dll
D:\Projects\CryptoAPI\CryptoAPI\bin\ru\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.resources.dll
D:\Projects\CryptoAPI\CryptoAPI\bin\ru\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.resources.dll
D:\Projects\CryptoAPI\CryptoAPI\obj\Debug\CryptoAPI.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\Projects\CryptoAPI\CryptoAPI\obj\Debug\CryptoAPI.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
D:\Projects\CryptoAPI\CryptoAPI\obj\Debug\CryptoAPI.dll
D:\Projects\CryptoAPI\CryptoAPI\obj\Debug\CryptoAPI.pdb
D:\Projects\CryptoAPI\CryptoAPI\bin\EntityFramework.dll
D:\Projects\CryptoAPI\CryptoAPI\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
D:\Projects\CryptoAPI\CryptoAPI\bin\EntityFramework.xml
D:\Projects\CryptoAPI\CryptoAPI\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
